Add docs for using XHarness via Helix SDK (#5702)
dotnet/arcade: src/Microsoft.DotNet.Helix/Sdk/tools/xharness-runner/Readme.md

# XHarness support in Microsoft.DotNet.Helix.Sdk

> This document presumes you are familiar with the usage of Microsoft.DotNet.Helix.Sdk. If not, please [start here](https://github.com/dotnet/arcade/blob/master/src/Microsoft.DotNet.Helix/Sdk/Readme.md).

The Helix SDK supports execution of certain **Android/iOS/tvOS/WatchOS/WASM workloads** where you only need to point the SDK to:
  - an Android .apk,
  - an iOS/tvOS/WatchOS .app bundle,

>   - or a WASM-ready test DLLs

Reviewer: Don't need 'or' here, plurality agreement; either "a WASM-ready test DLL" or "WASM-ready test DLLs"
Might want to check with someone from that team whether this is the right term too.

and it will execute these for you.

> The SDK will create a Helix job with the specified payload and send it to Helix, where, using a tool called [XHarness](https://github.com/dotnet/xharness), it will find a suitable test target - an emulator, a real device or a specified JS engine for WASM scenarios - which it will run the workload on.

Reviewer: Suggestion: " send it to Helix where, " (too many commas)

For these workloads, we currently expect the payload to contain xUnit tests and an [XHarness TestRunner](https://github.com/dotnet/xharness#test-runners) which will run these tests once the application is started.
Logs will be collected automatically and sent back with the other Helix results.

> The test results themselves can be published to Azure DevOps just like it is supported with regular Helix jobs.

Reviewer: Suggestion: " just like it is supported with" ->  "using the same python-based publishing scripts as"

Author: FYI, you can make direct suggestions using the `+/-` button like so:

```suggestion
The test results themselves can be published to Azure DevOps using the same python-based publishing scripts as regular Helix jobs.
```

XHarness is a [.NET Core tool](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/global-tools) and requires **.NET Core 3.1 runtime** to execute on the Helix agent.

> This is automatically pre-installed for the job when XHarness workload is detected.

Reviewer: not pre-installed, included as a Helix Correlation Payload (important distinction cos it sounds like a global install)

## How to use

> There are 3 main ways how to use XHarness through the Helix SDK:

Reviewer: Technical writing nit : Numbers less than or equal to ten we usually spell out.

- Specify the `XHarnessAndroidProject` or `XHarnessiOSProject` task items which will produce apks/app bundles from the `Build` target.
  - Examples - [iOS](https://github.com/dotnet/arcade/blob/master/tests/XHarness/XHarness.TestAppBundle.proj) and [Android](https://github.com/dotnet/arcade/blob/master/tests/XHarness/XHarness.TestApk.proj)
- Only request the XHarness dotnet tool to be pre-installed for the Helix job for you and then call it yourself from bash/cmd - see [XHarness tool pre-installation only](#xharness-tool-pre-installation-only).

There are some required/optional configuration properties that need to/can be set in any case:

```xml
<PropertyGroup>
  <!-- Required: Version of XHarness CLI to use -->
  <MicrosoftDotNetXHarnessCLIVersion>1.0.0-prerelease.20322.1</MicrosoftDotNetXHarnessCLIVersion>

  <!-- Optional: Properties that are also valid for the Arcade Helix SDK -->
  <HelixType>test/product/</HelixType>
  <HelixBaseUri>https://helix.int-dot.net</HelixBaseUri>

>   <Creator>$(BUILD_SOURCEVERSIONAUTHOR)</Creator>

Reviewer: I wonder if this should be called out as coming from Azure Devops builds

  <EnableXUnitReporter>true</EnableXUnitReporter>
  <EnableAzurePipelinesReporter>true</EnableAzurePipelinesReporter>
</PropertyGroup>

<!-- Required: Configuration that is already needed for the Helix SDK -->
<ItemGroup Condition=" '$(HelixAccessToken)' == '' ">
  <HelixTargetQueue Include="osx.1015.amd64.open"/>
</ItemGroup>
```

### iOS/tvOS/WatchOS .app bundle payloads

> To execute .app bundles, declare the `XHarnessAppFolderToTest` items:

Reviewer: suggestion: declare the -> declare one or more

```xml
<ItemGroup>
  <!-- Find all directories named *.app -->
  <XHarnessAppFolderToTest Include="$([System.IO.Directory]::GetDirectories('$(TestArchiveTestsRoot)', '*.app', System.IO.SearchOption.AllDirectories))">
    <Targets>ios-device</Targets>
    <Targets>ios-simulator-64_13.5</Targets>
  </XHarnessAppFolderToTest>
</ItemGroup>
```

The `<Targets>` metadata is a required configuration that tells XHarness which kind of device/Simulator to target.
Use the XHarness CLI help command to find more (see the `--targets` option).

You can also specify some metadata that will help you configure the run better:

```xml
<ItemGroup>
  <XHarnessAppFolderToTest Include=".\appbundles\Contoso.Example.Tests.app">
    <!-- Timeout for the overall run of the whole Helix work item (including Simulator booting, app installation..) -->
    <WorkItemTimeout>00:20:00</WorkItemTimeout>

    <!-- Timeout for the actual test run (when TestRunner starts execution of tests) -->
    <!-- Should be smaller than WorkItemTimeout by several minutes -->
    <TestTimeout>00:12:00</TestTimeout>
  </XHarnessAppFolderToTest>
</ItemGroup>
```

> Furthermore, you can configure the execution further:

Reviewer: Suggestion: Pick another word and don't have two furthers. 

e.g. "You can configure the execution further via MSBuild properties:"
